beer/name: Sausa Weizen
beer/beerId: 47986
beer/brewerId: 10325
beer/ABV: 5.00
beer/style: Hefeweizen
review/appearance: 2.5
review/aroma: 2
review/palate: 1.5
review/taste: 1.5
review/overall: 1.5
review/time: 1234817823
review/profileName: stcules
review/text: A lot of foam. But a lot.	In the smell some banana, and then lactic and tart. Not a good start.	Quite dark orange in color, with a lively carbonation (now visible, under the foam).	Again tending to lactic sourness.	Same for the taste. With some yeast and banana.		

beer/name: Red Moon
beer/beerId: 48213
beer/brewerId: 10325
beer/ABV: 6.20
beer/style: English Strong Ale
review/appearance: 3
review/aroma: 2.5
review/palate: 3
review/taste: 3
review/overall: 3
review/time: 1235915097
review/profileName: stcules
review/text: Dark red color, light beige foam, average.	In the smell malt and caramel, not really light.	Again malt and caramel in the taste, not bad in the end.	Maybe a note of honey in teh back, and a light fruitiness.	Average body.	In the aftertaste a light bitterness, with the malt and red fruit.	Nothing exceptional, but not bad, drinkable beer.		

beer/name: Black Horse Black Beer
beer/beerId: 48215
beer/brewerId: 10325
beer/ABV: 6.50
beer/style: Foreign / Export Stout
review/appearance: 3
review/aroma: 2.5
review/palate: 3
review/taste: 3
review/overall: 3
review/time: 1235916604
review/profileName: stcules
review/text: Almost totally black. Beige foam, quite compact, not bad.	Light smell, just a bit of roast, and some hop. A bit too light.	The taste is light oo, and drinkable, with some malt, roast, hints of coffee.	Nothing exceptional, but after all drinkable and pleasant.	Light to average body.	In the aftertaste some dust, somr roast, hint of caramel, and a bit of bitterness.	No defect, drinkable, not bad.		

beer/name: Sausa Pils
beer/beerId: 47969
beer/brewerId: 10325
beer/ABV: 5.00
beer/style: German Pilsener
review/appearance: 3.5
review/aroma: 3
review/palate: 2.5
review/taste: 3
review/overall: 3
review/time: 1234725145
review/profileName: stcules
review/text: Golden yellow color. White, compact foam, quite creamy. Good appearance.	Fresh smell, with good hop. Quite dry, with a good grassy note. Hay. Fresh and pleasant.	More sweet in the mouth, with honey. The hop comes back in the end, and in the aftertaste.	Not bad, but a bit too sweet for a pils.	In the end some vanilla and camomile note.	In the aftertaste, too. Though the hop, a bit too sweet.	Honest.		

beer/name: Cauldron DIPA
beer/beerId: 64883
beer/brewerId: 1075
beer/ABV: 7.70
beer/style: American Double / Imperial IPA
review/appearance: 4
review/aroma: 4.5
review/palate: 4
review/taste: 4.5
review/overall: 4
review/time: 1293735206
review/profileName: johnmichaelsen
review/text: According to the website, the style for the Caldera Cauldron changes every year. The current release is a DIPA, which frankly is the only cauldron I'm familiar with (it was an IPA/DIPA the last time I ordered a cauldron at the horsebrass several years back). In any event... at the Horse Brass yesterday.		The beer pours an orange copper color with good head retention and lacing. The nose is all hoppy IPA goodness, showcasing a huge aroma of dry citrus, pine and sandlewood. The flavor profile replicates the nose pretty closely in this West Coast all the way DIPA. This DIPA is not for the faint of heart and is a bit much even for a hophead like myslf. The finish is quite dry and hoppy, and there's barely enough sweet malt to balance and hold up the avalanche of hoppy bitterness in this beer. Mouthfeel is actually fairly light, with a long, persistentely bitter finish. Drinkability is good, with the alcohol barely noticeable in this well crafted beer. Still, this beer is so hugely hoppy/bitter, it's really hard for me to imagine ordering more than a single glass. Regardless, this is a very impressive beer from the folks at Caldera.		

beer/name: Caldera Ginger Beer
beer/beerId: 52159
beer/brewerId: 1075
beer/ABV: 4.70
beer/style: Herbed / Spiced Beer
review/appearance: 3.5
review/aroma: 3.5
review/palate: 3
review/taste: 3.5
review/overall: 3
review/time: 1325524659
review/profileName: oline73
review/text: Poured from the bottle into a Chimay goblet.		Appearance: Pours a slightly cloudy yellow/orange color with a half finger of fluffy white head. The head fades to a small layer on top of the pour.		Smell: Very light and crisp. I'm definitely picking up the ginger, but it's not overly powerful. There is a slight sweetness from the malt as well.		Taste: Very light and refreshing. The ginger shows up right away and then fades towards the finish of the sip. The finish is malty and bread like. 		Mouthfeel: The body is on the thin side with smooth carbonation and a very dry finish.		Overall: This is a light and refreshing beer, but nothing spectacular. The amount of ginger is nice, but I would have liked to have more going on.		

beer/name: Caldera Ginger Beer
beer/beerId: 52159
beer/brewerId: 1075
beer/ABV: 4.70
beer/style: Herbed / Spiced Beer
review/appearance: 3.5
review/aroma: 3.5
review/palate: 4
review/taste: 4
review/overall: 3.5
review/time: 1318991115
review/profileName: Reidrover
review/text: 22 oz bottle from "Lifesource" Salem. $3.95 Nice golden clear beer body with a nice sized frothy/creamy white head. Ok aromas..mainlly a bit of ginger speice and some bready malt..simple nice Taste very nice indeed..nice spicy ginger backed with slightly caramel maltiness..simple again but i like . Liked the mouthfeel of this one..very forward carbonation which helps the ginger effect and a lingering ginger in the after taste. Overall a simple ginger brew .I liked it		

beer/name: Caldera Ginger Beer
beer/beerId: 52159
beer/brewerId: 1075
beer/ABV: 4.70
beer/style: Herbed / Spiced Beer
review/appearance: 3.5
review/aroma: 2.5
review/palate: 2
review/taste: 3.5
review/overall: 3
review/time: 1306276018
review/profileName: alpinebryant
review/text: Bottle says "Malt beverage brewed with Ginger and ginger added" Sounds redundant to me, but lets move on.		Pours a bud light yellow with a tiny white head of small bubbles. The beer is almost as clear as a glass of water with some food coloring in it.		Aroma of light ginger, a very light malt aroma but primarily odorless on the malt side. I wouldn't be completely surprised if there were some adjuncts in here because of the lack of underlying malt flavors. Taste is of a light adjunct lager with a dosing of ginger. Not surprising there. 		This is a light session beer, good for the warmer days of spring / summer. Mouthfeel is extremely light, high carbonation.		Overall decent. This would be great if you were drinking beers on draft at the bar with some friends just hanging out. I wouldn't necessarily seek it out though to drink out of a bottle.		

beer/name: Caldera Ginger Beer
beer/beerId: 52159
beer/brewerId: 1075
beer/ABV: 4.70
beer/style: Herbed / Spiced Beer
review/appearance: 3.5
review/aroma: 3
review/palate: 3.5
review/taste: 4
review/overall: 4
review/time: 1290454503
review/profileName: LordAdmNelson
review/text: I'm not sure why I picked this up... I like ginger, and it was reasonably cheap compared to the other beers I was looking at. Pours a pale golden color with smallish head. Nose is largely uneventful, some ginger in there, a bit of pear, but mainly normal lager. Taste is pretty good, bringing a bit more of the ginger to the fore. MF was a bit fizzy, not terrible though. Easy drinker, I had no problem finishing the bomber. Interesting, but I probably won't get it again.		

beer/name: Caldera Ginger Beer
beer/beerId: 52159
beer/brewerId: 1075
beer/ABV: 4.70
beer/style: Herbed / Spiced Beer
review/appearance: 5
review/aroma: 3.5
review/palate: 4
review/taste: 4
review/overall: 4.5
review/time: 1285632924
review/profileName: augustgarage
review/text: Poured from a 22oz bomber into my Drie Fonteinen tumbler. 		Hazy titanium yellow body (which catches the shadows forming a beautiful mysterious gradient) with an incredibly dense pillow of magnolia cream. Heavy persistent head and rich creamy lacing.		Pale malt, asian pear, and a hint of citrus in the nose. A vaguely tropical lager...		Tastes very much like a well done APA, with a nice balance of pale malt and low hop bitterness. The ginger adds to the refreshing character, but isn't readily detectable at first (lacks any "bite"). Medium-dry finish - very clean and extremely quaffable. I can imagine hibiscus and beets working in small quantities, though I think they omitted those for this version...		Light bodied, pillowy, smooth and moderately carbonated.		Don't go into this expecting a ginger beer (despite its name) as it has little in common with that spicy soft drink. This is a wonderful session ale though, and worth seeking out if you are a fan of light yet flavorful lagers. Would obviously go perfectly with sushi.		

beer/name: Caldera Ginger Beer
beer/beerId: 52159
beer/brewerId: 1075
beer/ABV: 4.70
beer/style: Herbed / Spiced Beer
review/appearance: 4
review/aroma: 5
review/palate: 4
review/taste: 4
review/overall: 5
review/time: 1283154365
review/profileName: MadeInOregon
review/text: OK, so the only reason I bought this while shopping at Whole Foods was because I've never had a "ginger beer" unless it was ginger ALE...and we all know that's not the kind of "beer" we're interested in on this site! I was very excited to try this one!...		When poured out it looks like a cheapo macro lager at first sight, then the slowly fading head suggests otherwise. The body is crystal clear and is a very light straw color. The head is bright white and slowly dissipates, but is initially quite thick.		Smell is adjuncty, but there are slight notes of honey and some kind of herby thing going on...ginger perhaps? Can't really tell. From the smell there is obviously something different about this beer though. It has a unique spicy smell to it and reminds me a lot of basil, not ginger. I really can't quite place everything that I smell, but it is a very nice aroma. Superb fragrance for this beer, though definitely not a "ginger beer" based on the smell.		The taste is very unique also. It's kind of like a spiced pilsner or kolsch but the "spice" is kind of hard to identify. It does not taste like ginger. This beer actually reminds me a lot of Bison's Honey Basil ale. There is some definite astringent burn in the upper throat after swallowing that is no doubt from the ginger, but that is the only ginger I can detect with any certainty. It is only slightly hoppy and malty.		This a very enjoyable, very drinkable beer (I could easily drink 2 22oz'ers) but I think it's failing in its claim to be a "ginger" beer because I don't smell it, can barely taste it, and can only really detect the ginger's physiological effects of a warm throat and stomach. So, rating this one is hard; I've never had a ginger beer so I don't really know what one ought to taste like...but then again I can't really tell if I'm tasting ginger here or the combination of other things. So confused. My recommendation to you Caldera folks: ADD MORE GINGER! There's obviously enough of a curiosity about this style to not hurt sales if it was strengthened. I for one could handle it.		

beer/name: Caldera Ginger Beer
beer/beerId: 52159
beer/brewerId: 1075
beer/ABV: 4.70
beer/style: Herbed / Spiced Beer
review/appearance: 4
review/aroma: 4
review/palate: 3.5
review/taste: 4
review/overall: 4
review/time: 1277557990
review/profileName: rawthar
review/text: Notes from 6/24		A: Bright golden glowing beer in a moment of clarity with a lively white head of feathery fluff		S: The ginger is definitely there, or am I smelling my Indian dinner? Almost cake-like in its malt aroma, sharply bready with a slight edge of sweetness		T: Nice clear malty throat taste, reminds me of strands of complex sugars and grains, ginger is more subtle than I expected, more of an undertone than a backbone		M: A refreshing light beer feel, like a pilsner or summer ale		D: If this was a sixer instead of a double-deuce, I could see this being a fine picnic pounder		Overall, pretty impressed for the particular style		

beer/name: Caldera Ginger Beer
beer/beerId: 52159
beer/brewerId: 1075
beer/ABV: 4.70
beer/style: Herbed / Spiced Beer
review/appearance: 3
review/aroma: 4.5
review/palate: 2.5
review/taste: 3
review/overall: 4
review/time: 1275779250
review/profileName: Halcyondays
review/text: 22 oz. bomber,		A: Pours a clear yellow with a mild white head, good retention.		S: Great nose of ginger, honey, perfume.		T: Rather light upfront, it reminds me of Lawnmower, with a hint of ale fruitiness/Kolsch-like almost. Good ginger honey notes on the back end, not taking over the beer in any way. The ginger flavour is clear, but I wanted it to come out a little more in the end.		M: Very light-bodied, watery, light base beer for sure.		D: An easy drinking spiced beer, this will offend no one, but there's not a complexity to this brew at all.		

beer/name: Caldera Ginger Beer
beer/beerId: 52159
beer/brewerId: 1075
beer/ABV: 4.70
beer/style: Herbed / Spiced Beer
review/appearance: 3
review/aroma: 4
review/palate: 3
review/taste: 4
review/overall: 3.5
review/time: 1273109020
review/profileName: RangerClegg
review/text: Is it possible for a bottle to be a novelty product? I bought it cause it's the only bottle of Caldera I've ever seen, so I guess so. Stoked to be the first to review a beer! That's a lot of responsibility so I might as well give it a thorough review. Poured into my New Belgium Tulip.		A - Clear golden color with a bright white 1" head that slowly fades to a ring around the top. Lacing is minimal, but still there and fighting to cling to the glass		S - Smell is of ginger and honey. Very appealing.		T - First hit is of ginger. Not too strong or biting but just the right amount. Fades to a sweetness on the tongue that is sort of perfect and then... a little bit of bite from the hops making their presence known.		M - Medium bodied and full. A nice round beer for the summer. Not too heavy, definately not watery. Not very good at describing it other than it's good.		D - I really like this beer and I could probably put 2 or 3 glasses away, so one bomber is enough for me. I think 2 bombers would be too much, but I could probably drink one and half, so I think I'll have to stick with the one.		Overall this is a pretty good ginger beer. I think that for my money though, I'd rather buy Trade Route's Ginger Pale Ale. If you've never had a ginger beer, Pick it up.		

beer/name: Caldera Oatmeal Stout
beer/beerId: 10789
beer/brewerId: 1075
beer/ABV: 7.20
beer/style: Oatmeal Stout
review/appearance: 2.5
review/aroma: 3
review/palate: 3
review/taste: 3
review/overall: 3
review/time: 1316025612
review/profileName: Beerandraiderfan
review/text: Brown in color, somewhere between a porter and a brown ale. Lacking in aroma, but no off stuff. 		Same with the taste, lacking flavor, complexity, just went with smoothness. No off flavors though, so I can't say this is bad, just unadventurous, especially for Caldera, whom I think is generally underrated. You really have to search to pull anything out of this in terms of the usual chocolate/coffee flavors, really, the only thing I can tell is that the oats did their job, because this is smooth and unoffensive.		Other than that, extremely pedestrian.		

beer/name: Caldera Oatmeal Stout
beer/beerId: 10789
beer/brewerId: 1075
beer/ABV: 7.20
beer/style: Oatmeal Stout
review/appearance: 2.5
review/aroma: 1.5
review/palate: 2.5
review/taste: 2
review/overall: 2
review/time: 1103502339
review/profileName: RedDiamond
review/text: Caldera presents yet another circumstance where the brewery does not operate a brewpub, doesnt bottle their beers, and is located 300 miles from my home. To review their beers I traveled to their hometown of Ashland, OR and drank at the Ashland Creek Bar and Grill. This may have been a mistake. 			Though I had other reasons to visit Ashland, its disappointing (to say the least) to travel 300 miles and be served a spoiled beer. Both the Oatmeal Stout and Ashland Amber were of poor quality at the Ashland Creek Bar and Grill. In the case of the Oatmeal Stout, a nice measure of cream and a wayward thread of mint were marred by a sulfuric smell and likely bacterial infection. Though I cant say for certain, my best guess is that the house tap lines were something other than sanitized. 			I will attempt to revisit and re-evaluate this beer. But for the time being, its important to ask a pertinent question about quality control. Caldera is a 10 bbl microbrewery in a small town. How much responsibility do they have towards assuring that taps serving their product in their hometown are kept reasonably clean and free of bacterial encroachment? My answer to this question is that the brewery does have some responsibility to assure quality pours in its own hometown. This is especially so when they operate no pub of their own. Not only does this effort protect the consumer from being served a spoiled beer, but the enforcement of quality control measures at the point of consumption simply makes good business sense. 			Till then, theres nothing I really care say about this beer other than to wish whoever pursues it greater luck than I had at Ashland Creek.		
